=head1 NAME

elvoke - run or postpone commands

=head1 SYNOPSIS

elvoke [I<options>] -- I<command> [I<args>...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<elvoke> runs the provided command if enough time has elapsed since its
previous execution.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-i>, B<--id> I<identifier>

Use the I<identifier> to distinguish between different commands.
The identifier must consist of at least 6 alphanumeric characters.
The default identifier is generated automatically.

=item B<-f>, B<--file> I<path>

Use this file for the time stamp.
The default is "I<elvoke-home>/I<identifier>.stamp".

=item B<-t>, B<--interval> I<timespec>

Set the minimum interval between invocations of the same command.

I<timespec> syntax:

=over 2

=item I<n>B<d>

I<n> days

=item I<n>B<h>

I<n> hours

=item I<n>B<m>

I<n> minutes

=item I<n>B<s>

I<n> seconds

=back

The default is B<1h> (one hour).

=item B<--fail-on-postpone>

Exit with non-zero code if the command was postponed.

=item B<--debug>

Output some debug information.

=item B<--version>

Show version information and exit.

=item B<-h>, B<-?>, B<--help>

Show help message and exit.

=back

=head1 FILES

elvoke stamp directory (I<elvoke-home>) is determined the following way:

=over 2

=item *

use the B<ELVOKE_HOME> environment variable if it is set;

=item *

otherwise, use "I<$HOME>/.elvoke/" if it exists;

=item *

otherwise, use "I<$XDG_CACHE_DIR>/elvoke/" (creating it if needed)
if the environment variable is set and non-empty;

=item *

otherwise, use "I<$HOME>/.cache/elvoke/" (creating it if needed).

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<cron(8)>
